# -Maximum-Transferable-Data-
Motivation
Consider a simple abstraction of a computer network consisting ofnrouters communicating information toone another.  The communication is established by connecting some pairs of routers using links in such away that for any pair of routersxandy, it is possible to send data fromxtoythrough a sequence of links.To send a large file over a network, it is customary to divide it into smallerpackets, and send those packetsone-by-one.  The choice of the packet size is determined the underlying network:  if a packet is larger thanthecapacityof a link,  the link is unable to transfer the packet and simply drops it.  On the other hand,having too small packets is undesirable due to a per-packet overhead involved in the transfer.  Therefore,given a source and a destination in the network, it makes sense to determine the size of the largest packetthat can be transferred through the network from the source to the destination.


Problem Definition

Letndenote the number of routers in our network, and let’s say that the routers are labeled 0, . . . , n−1.Each link is specified by a tuple (u, v, c), whereuandvare the endpoints of the link andcis its capacity.Such a link is able to transfer a packet of size at mostcfromutovand fromvtou(every link isbidirectionaland has the same capacity in either direction).  Given the identitiessandtof thesourceand thetargetrouterrespectively, we wish to determine the largestCsuch that a packet of sizeCcan be transferred over thenetwork fromstot.  Your job is to write a program to find thatCand a sequence of routersv0, v1, . . . , vr−1,wheres=v0andvr−1=t, such that for eachi, there exists a link of capacity at leastCbetweenvi−1andvi.Letmdenote the number of links in the network.  You may assume that the network is connected, thatis, it is possible to transfer a small enough packet from any node to any other node.  Note that a pair ofrouters can have zero, one, or more than one links of different capacities between them.  For full credit, yourprogram must run in timeO(mlogm).  (In fact, it is possible to do this in timeO(m).  Figure out how inthe vacation following the major exam.)
